It's me
hello guys welcome to 2014 and
welcome to this new episode first
episode of tweeting with hero not him
I will answer most of your tweets
who sent me to my account at
your unstoppable that many people give me
more more than questions send me
congratulations greetings from other countries
from mexico from venezuela from colombia from
Brazil Wow, also from Spain
we did quite Latin American countries
and thank you very much for the follow-up
guys every time we grow a lot
more and I really welcome you
this new year in unstoppable tv spot with
more things more videos more resources for
that you can transform yourself from the
best way and motivated guys 2014
that is successful guys to put on
batteries and then we arrived with the first
tweet from our friend cristian nurseries
who says I want to be two weeks
to finish my stage the volume weight 80
kilograms its tumor but I'm
you can advise at this stage thanks
good and these two weeks stands out in your
volume stage as you say it
you are reaching the desired physical the
volume of be after those terminal
imagine then hand what we are going
Do the following once you finish
the two weeks of volume then it is not
about is a reverse list like
what we do content definition already
that your metabolism has not been
really in a catabolic state
constant as it is of definition then
looks ends its volume stage I want
that later I lower its maintenance I know that
your maintenance calculations that is very
easy once you have the case of the
volume macros and then after that
you stay for two weeks
calculating your maintenance stage that
so you can see which ones are exactly
your maintenance marks and starting
of that then simply go down your
plus not so drastic of some minus 600
deficit calories then remember
that on my unstoppable channel down here
I have how to calculate your macros for
our part definition or volume
come on with the next question from
our friend Luis Figo 726 good
brother night forgiveness be annoyed but
in illuminating meals see as they will know
lately in the videos that I'm
doing below I leave my books that
I recommend that they are very good
action of the and mcdonald and there's also
many interesting articles in your
web page that spot recomposition
dotcom there you can find the books
that can buy those that is slow
flexible a guide the guide the
protein there are also enough
things for example our bread and the
book that is also prioritization that
It is very, very good and it has many
brother and then down here you go to the
books that you can read in the description
of the video so you can clarify your
you doubt you like to read so much better
we learn a lot more we are conscious you
and says José Alberto Benítez I just
hallucinate watching comments that people in
a video of the unstoppable saying that
he was very thin in his definition
let's see the comments
how
we go with the next tweet of our
friend Jorge Zamora says but unstoppable
punto tv is your page with everything that has
done to transform you or is it better for you
blog with basket of please
good as you will know guys I have the
official page www punto tv which is the
fitness and durable magazine where you can
find research articles
scientific recipes videos of
workout examples of exercises
in short it is a fitness page where is
everything absolutely everything and every week it
they update new articles almost all
The new items below we leave
simple references to be searched
on the internet and read much more in short
www.parla.es the official page of this
channel also I do not have my blog that siero
unstoppable tv spot where you'll find my
photos you will also simply find
there that I must accept that if a boy
from instagram
Athens see how it is that everything that I
as instagram everything I train
instagram everything I do instagram
so basically my blog got everything
what I am eating I share the
macros so that you can also
copy me as I can say the meals
sex are flexible then remember john
unstoppable tv point is my blog are
several things bibliography we go with
open to alfonso and señero results
according to the weight of consuming 2500 calories
of the volume and you can complete me because
I feel that there is no more good
It really is the problem of many
people in the volume that send them
food like beasts that are sent to
trade 78 quotes 10 meals then and
people can not anymore everything is in
progress remember little by little let's go
eating the volume success does not mean
that one is going to eat a lot if more
meals is gradually progressive from
the same way if it becomes very difficult to eat
solid food, I recommend that you
you have shakes for example meals
solid and the other shakes if you're a
person who does not get so much food
but remember that you should not eat every
two or three hours every 45 hours this more
ideal for you to stay stable and
he does not remember to eat food anymore
integers that keep you no longer here and
you can also have consume your
your schedule that is fries
etcetera let's go with bad sign and you're from
keratin shake high in fiber
last video that you uploaded helps
increase more or more energy for
train 5 if with the videos that I put
is of definition and volume because only
when you want, you just have to
vary the amounts if you go to alencar
in a volume obviously you have more
carbohydrates that pressure definition
then you are going to put more banana more
oatmeal but the service shake we're going
with 15 martínez
the book that I recommend was already a look
a book that you recommended to a
student says encyclopedia and muscle and
the strength of the total guinness now put
in practice very well this book is very
excellent exercise strength tips
it is an encyclopedia in general quite
good then likewise here
down in description that handles some
books that you can read them you can
look up I had to buy or
download from the end many things by
attitude and that was all on twitter I walk
with the boys already
I hope next week a new
episode and remember tweeting steals me and
the unstoppable
here